update contributing guide (#678)
vdaas/vald: CONTRIBUTING.md

Name your branches with prefixes: `[type]/[area]/[description]`

> | Field       | Explanation                           | nameing rule      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Field       | Explanation                           | Example      |
```

Author: I think this column is not example.

| :---        | :---                                  | :---              |

> | type        | type represents the PR type           | feature, bug, refactoring, benchmark, security, documentation, dependencies, ci, ... |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type        | The PR type           | feature, bug, refactoring, benchmark, security, documentation, dependencies, ci, ... |
```

> | area        | this field represents area of context | gateway, meta, manager-backup, manager-replication, ... |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| area        | The context of the PR | gateway, meta, manager-backup, manager-replication, ... |
```

> | description | summarized description of your branch | Branch description. The description must be hyphenated. Please use [a-zA-Z0-9] and hyphen as characters, do not use any other characters. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| description | Summarized description of your branch. Please use [a-zA-Z0-9] and hyphen characters for the description, and do not use any other characters. | this-is-branch-description  |
```

> 

Reviewer: maybe it is better to add an example for branch name?

Name your branches with prefixes: `[type]/[area]/[description]`

| Field | Explanation | Naming Rule |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | type | The PR type | feature, bug, refactoring, benchmark, security, documentation, dependencies, ci, ... |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type | The PR type | The type of the PR can be feature, bug, refactoring, benchmark, security, documentation, dependencies, ci, test, ... |
```

> | area | Area of context | gateway, meta, manager-backup, manager-replication, ... |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| area | Area of context | The context of the PR can be gateway, meta, manager-backup, manager-replication, ... |
```

* `type` = feature, bug, refactoring, benchmark, security, documentation, dependencies, ci, ...
* `area` (\*) = gateway, meta, manager-backup, manager-replication, ...

> * `description` = branch description. description must be hyphenated. please use [a-zA-Z0-9] and hyphen as characters, do not use any other characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `description` = branch description. The description must be hyphenated. please use [a-zA-Z0-9] and hyphen as characters, do not use any other characters.
```

Author: ```suggestion
* `description` = branch description. The description must be hyphenated. Please use [a-zA-Z0-9] and hyphen as characters, do not use any other characters.
```

Author: @hlts2 How is it?

Reviewer 3: LGTM, but I have a idea.
IMO: using table style would be more user friendly

```html
<table>
<tr><td>type<td>type represents xxx<td>feature, bug, refactoring, benchmark, security, documentation, dependencies, ci, (XXX define every patter)
<tr><td>area (*)<td>this field represents area or context<td>gateway, meta, manager-backup, manager-replication, ... (XXX show more example)
<tr><td>description<td>summarized description of branch<td> branch description. description must be hyphenated. please use [a-zA-Z0-9] and hyphen as characters, do not use any other characters.
</table>
```

Reviewer: sorry but I want to confirm `description` means the branch name?

Reviewer 2: > How is it?

it seems good to me!
and I also think that the table structure was easier to understand!

Author: @kevindiu 
It is almost right.
branch name is [type]/[area]/[description]
